readme.md, before:

# VercelTest

Welcome to **VercelTest** — a simple project designed to experiment with Vercel deployment, modern CSS (SCSS), and fun animations!

## 🚀 Features

- **CSS Reset** for consistent styling across browsers
- **SCSS** for modular and maintainable styles
- **BEM Naming Convention** for clear and scalable CSS
- **Animated Heading** with custom shadow effects
- **Easy Setup** with npm scripts


## 🛠️ Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/your-github-username/vercelTest.git
   cd vercelTest
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. **Compile SCSS**
   ```sh
   npm run sass
   ```

4. **Open `index.html` in your browser**
   - You can use VS Code's Live Server or open manually.

## 📦 Project Structure

```
vercelTest/
├── index.html
├── style.scss
├── style.css
├── package.json
├── .gitignore
└── readme.md
```

## ✨ Credits

- [reset-css](https://www.npmjs.com/package/reset-css) for CSS reset
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) for powerful styling

---

**Made with ❤️

Commit message:

feat: add vite and change readme.md

readme.md, after:

# VercelTest

Welcome to **VercelTest** — a simple project designed to test Vercel deployment, modern CSS (SCSS), and fun animations!

## 🚀 Features

- **CSS Reset** for consistent styling across browsers (`reset-css`)
- **SCSS** for modular and maintainable styles (`sass`)
- **BEM Naming Convention** for clear and scalable CSS
- **Animated Heading** with custom shadow effects
- **Easy Setup** with npm scripts
- **Vite** for fast development and builds

## 🛠️ Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```sh
   git clone https://github.com/vitvitskiy98/vercelTest.git
   cd vercelTest
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

3. **Start the development server**
   ```sh
   npm run dev
   ```
   Open the provided local URL in your browser.

4. **Build for production**
   ```sh
   npm run build
   ```

5. **Preview the production build**
   ```sh
   npm run preview
   ```

## 📦 Project Structure

```
vercelTest/
├── index.html
├── index.js
├── style.scss
├── style.css
├── package.json
├── .gitignore
├── vite.config.js
└── readme.md
```

## ✨ Credits

- [reset-css](https://www.npmjs.com/package/reset-css)
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/)
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/)

---

**Made with ❤️ by Vlad Vitvitskiy**
